So now we are going to have the key vocabulary.
The first one is 1. "Cooked up a plan"
"Cooked up a plan", "Cooked up a plan"
Significa idear un plan
Cooked up = lo idearon. Cooked up,
Say it with me (REPEAT): Cooked up, pretty good
Pretty nice, great job.
Number two: 2. "Nudge", "Nudge", "Nudge"
"Nudge" = incitar, "Nudge" = incitar,
"Hire someone to nudge her", "Hire someone to nudge her"
"Hire someone to nudge her"
Say it with me (REPEAT): "Hire someone to nudge her"
Great! 3. "Chilling", "chilling" = relajándose, "chilling"  = relajándose
Say it with me (REPEAT) : "chilling"
Pretty good, once again:
(REPEAT) : "chilling"
"While she's chilling at her favorite coffee shop"
Next one: 4. "See", "See" = es ver
Say it with me (REPEAT): "See"
Pretty good, excellent. Once again,
"See": "I see you like coffee"
"I see you like coffee" 5. Obsessed = Obsesionado Obsessed
Example sentence,
Yeah, I am very obsessed. I am obsessed.
So say it with me (REPEAT) Obsessed,
Pretty good, excellent, once again
(REPEAT) Obsessed.
Pretty good, nice, next one,
6. "Grab", "Grab, and in this sentence
Grab is tomar. Y en esta oración sería:
Grab a coffee every morning,
"Grab a coffee every morning
Say it with me (REPEAT) "Grab"
Good, once again: "Grab" Nice, now
7. Love, Love es cuando te encanta algo
Example, "I love coffee" = Me encanta el café
So you can say: "I love coffee" = Me encanta el café
Eso quiere decir que me gusta muchísimo
Más que "like"
Say it with me (REPEAT) "Love" Pretty good, excellent,
"Love" I want you to get los dientes,
estos dientes superiores a los labios inferiores:
"Love" (REPEAT) "Love"  "Love"  "Love"
8. Missing = Perdiendo - Missing = Perdiendo
Cuando estás missing algo, te
estás perdiendo de algo
"You are missing the opportunity" = te estás perdiendo la oportunidad
8. "Flying" = Volando, ok,
Say it with me (REPEAT)  "Flying",  "Flying",
pretty nice, great,  "Flying" = volando
Now, 9. Feel = es sentirse
Feel= sentir o sentirse
For example: Do you feel lonely?
Do you feel lonely?
Say it with me (REPEAT): Feel, you. Pretty good, nice, once again
(REPEAT): "Feel" - Great job!
10. Think
Ojo con la K, pronúnciala bastante fuerte
Think, Think, Think, Think
Once again (REPEAT): Think, Think
nice, great job, 11. Daughter = hija.
Daughter Say it with me,
Daughter (REPEAT), Daughter
Daughter, Daughter, Daughter
"Marta and Alberto have a 35-year-old daughter named Sandra"
Next one. 12. "Career" = una carrera (de estudio, profesión)
Ojo el acento, lo hacemos ahí,  "Career"
Say it with me:  "Career" , (pretty good)
Once again (REPEAT) "Career""Career"
"She is killing it in her career" = Lo está haciendo muy bien en su carrera
"Career"
Next one. 13. Plan: "They cooked up a plan"
Plan: they cooked up,
¿Te acuerdas de cooked up = idearon?
a plan = un plan
Say it with me (REPEAT): "Plan"
Pretty good, once again:
(REPEAT): "Plan"
14. "Pet" ¿te acuerdas de esa, verdad?
Pet, mascota, puede ser un dog, un cat,
a bird, a rabbit. Todos son "pet" pretty good, excellent
15. "Partner", en esa PARTNER
Hacemos como una pausa seca "Partner"
"Partner". Practícalo conmigo, ponte la
mano en el estómago, en la barriga, en el
vientre, como le quieres llamar, y dices
"Partner", y botas todo el aire, "Partner",
"Partner", "Partner" [ojalá se vea]
"Partner"Say it with me (REPEAT): "Partner"
pretty good, excellent, great job
"Partner" es una pareja, "Partner", "Partner"
Practica esa "Partner", pretty good, great job
16. Now, "Human", ojo que la "h" suena como si fuera una "J":
"Human", "Human", "Human"
Good, excellent, once again (REPEAT) "Human"
Pretty good, nice example sentence,
Example sentence: "Replace a human being"
So, that was everything, bye, bye
Te veo en la siguiente lección = See you in the next lesson.